while I was in Haiti I was invited to
visit a very special school the Ecole
nouvelle general J which educates
children from the poorest most dangerous
neighborhoods of port-au-prince which is
the capital city and all the kids are
there on scholarship thanks to the
charity pro dev I wanted to visit this
school see it was going on and see if I
could make some friends with the kids
there here's just a taste of my visit to
that very cool school
[Applause]
here a lot of giggling he's had a good
side
hi don't mind me just gonna join you
just don't mind me I'm good hi hi I'm
gonna need a little more room up here
[Applause]
kind of sticks up a little bit eyes
forward
[Applause]
[Music]
can I try try try new say ICN no way man
[Applause]
yes
beautiful people really beautiful people
and funny be sure to tune in for our
Conan in Haiti special airing this
Saturday Jenica 7 at 10:00 p.m. to me
Rachel
you